---
layout: post
title:  "Brahms Paganini Variation: Fatal Attraction of two poles"
date:   2020-04-03 09:30:00
isStaticPost: false
---
# Brahms Paganini Variation: Fatal Attraction of two poles
Jong Hwa Park is a concert pianist and a professor. Park’s diverse career in music reflects his passion for both performance and education. Since becoming a faculty member at the prominent Seoul National University in 2007 at age 33, he has designed and organized innovative lectures and international festivals. Park is a passionate advocate of modern music and is a frequent guest at major festivals worldwide. Recently, Mr. Park has joined Big Data Institue at Seoul National University as a convergence officer where he is working to bridge gap between art and technology. He is responsible for organizing art and technology showcase and participates in music related A.I. research. Park has achieved many accolades throughout his career. Park is laureate of numerous competition including the Queen Elizabeth International Piano Competition, the Santander International Piano Competition, the Rubinstein International Competition, and the Ferrucio Busoni International Piano Competition. Park has appeared in renowned concert halls and collaborated with the some of the world’s highly acclaimed orchestras including the Dresden Staatskapelle, the St. Petersburg Symphony and the Boston Symphony Orchestra. He is also active in smaller format projects. The latest project was with Daniel Hope and Zurich Chamber Orchestra. His debut recording of Rachmaninov and Mussorgsky with Sony Classical was praised by music magazines for its “powerful and masterful interpretation”.

- Place : Academic Cultural Complex
- Prof. Jonghwa Park (박종화)
    - Seoul National University(Music, Piano Performance)
